# jabber

Text generation with Markov chains.

- `jabber.go` is a CLI for generating text from input file(s).
- `markov.go` is the Markov chain API
  - Implement custom text processing with `markov.Lexer`
  - `markov.TextLexer` is the basic implementation
  - Use `markov.CreateMarkov(src, lex, n)` to create a Markov chain of order `n` (how many states the next state depends on)
  - Use `Generate()` on a `markov.Markov` to create some text
  
## Results

Text generated by creating a Markov chain from the complete works of Shakespeare combined with The Art of Unix Programming.

> WARWICK And mine, and thus Show them the unaching scars which I would attach you all resolved rather to press your language and my blest order, If thou wouldst, There weep and 
so doth he upon the bosom of the output of the Emacs core, which we'll discuss them here

> BUCKINGHAM I'll claim that programmers with experience in store Exceeding those that wish the crown may be amended.

> Now, fair cousin, that his soul, To see you so oft upon 't and that's the utmost of your lives shall pay for not having an epiphany, fundamentally redefining the problem altogether by moving the operating system and C optimize for traits valuable in differing circum - stances.

> bawd The evil that thou carry This female bastard hence and that thou, or similarly reduce from a daemon, need to be called as a single Perl program.


> comfort bring I to Norfolk with my sighs or tears I blast or drown King Edward's widow sister, Finding yourself desired of such pairs, which was written with this editor.
 
> thy soul to love, as well as ASP and server communicate through an electronic mailing list made it tedious, wearisome, and Emacs Lisp have their problems.

> after, after much debatement, My true Paulina, - - ESCALUS Come hither, man thou shouldst know it begins to mellow And drop into the details of calling an internal CLI of the family, in addition to the Mozilla release in, the Unix tradition.
